PD-1673 / 25.10 / Pd 1673 apps UI content updates (#3581)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALEUIReference/Apps/_index.md

| **Docker Registry Authentication** | Optional. Only needed for private images. |
| **Username** | User account name to access a private Docker image. |
| **Password** | User account password to access a private Docker image. |
{{< /truetable >}}

### Docker Registries

The **Docker Registries** screen lists signed-in Docker registry records.

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Apps/DockerRegistriesScreen.png" alt="Docker Registries Screen" id="Docker Registries Screen" >}}

#### Create Docker Registry

**Add Registry** opens the **Create Docker Registry** panel.

{{< trueimage src="/images/SCALE/Apps/CreateDockerRegistry.png" alt="Create Docker Registry" id="Create Docker Registry" >}}

{{< truetable >}}
| Setting | Description |
|-----------|-------------|

> | **URI** (Dropdown) | The Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) type for the registry. Options are **Docker Hub** or **Other Registry**. Hidden when a Docker Hub registry record is already configured. |

Author: I'm doing it here to differentiate between the **URI** dropdown and the **URI** field, which are (confusingly) two separate UI elements that sometimes, but not always, exist on screen at the same time

| **URI** | The valid Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) for the registry, for example *https://index.docker.io/v1/*. Displays when **URI** is set to **Other Registry** or when a Docker Hub registry record is already configured. |

> | **Name** | Display name for the registry record. Displays when **URI** is set to **Other Registry** or when a Docker Hub registry record is already configured. |

Author: For consistency with the above change
```suggestion
| **Name** | Field shows after selecting **Other Registry* as the URI type on the **URI** dropdown list. Also shows when a Docker Hub registry record is already configured. Enter a display name for the registry record. |
```
